a moment in my life were decision Thio Surface warfare was pivotal because
I met I would not be a fly would not be somewhere have gone down
the surface warfare being going forward at school, then trying to
choose what ship to go to next. So I want up on a fast frigate and following
that I want for my broken Is there a pivotal decisions, you
know, where you gonna go? I want a home court. Don't want to stay in
awful. Stay. Insanity stays in Honolulu. Okay? At the risk of not
going to another ship to get experience Pivotal career moments on what
to do next. That next step is always gonna be a pivotal moment. What
should I do next in my career? Wake up. You're preparing to two
years in peace. You're terrible career movements to get. Okay, so she's
well seek counsel secretly. Aerial senior officers from the first
on dhe looks I could get you to say I want what you make